---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "project_role Resource - terraform-provider-project"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a project role. Element has one to one mapping with the JFrog Project Roles API https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+REST+API#ArtifactoryRESTAPI-AddaNewRole. Requires a user assigned with the 'Administer the Platform' role or Project Admin permissions if admin_privileges.manage_resoures is enabled.
---

# project_role (Resource)

Create a project role. Element has one to one mapping with the [JFrog Project Roles API](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+REST+API#ArtifactoryRESTAPI-AddaNewRole). Requires a user assigned with the 'Administer the Platform' role or Project Admin permissions if `admin_privileges.manage_resoures` is enabled.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "project_role" "myrole" {
    name = "myrole"
    type = "CUSTOM"
    project_key = project.myproject.key
    
    environments = ["DEV"]
    actions = ["READ_REPOSITORY", "ANNOTATE_REPOSITORY"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Set of String) List of pre-defined actions (READ_REPOSITORY, ANNOTATE_REPOSITORY, DEPLOY_CACHE_REPOSITORY, DELETE_OVERWRITE_REPOSITORY, MANAGE_XRAY_MD_REPOSITORY, READ_RELEASE_BUNDLE, ANNOTATE_RELEASE_BUNDLE, CREATE_RELEASE_BUNDLE, DISTRIBUTE_RELEASE_BUNDLE, DELETE_RELEASE_BUNDLE, MANAGE_XRAY_MD_RELEASE_BUNDLE, READ_BUILD, ANNOTATE_BUILD, DEPLOY_BUILD, DELETE_BUILD, MANAGE_XRAY_MD_BUILD, READ_SOURCES_PIPELINE, TRIGGER_PIPELINE, READ_INTEGRATIONS_PIPELINE, READ_POOLS_PIPELINE, MANAGE_INTEGRATIONS_PIPELINE, MANAGE_SOURCES_PIPELINE, MANAGE_POOLS_PIPELINE, TRIGGER_SECURITY, ISSUES_SECURITY, LICENCES_SECURITY, REPORTS_SECURITY, WATCHES_SECURITY, POLICIES_SECURITY, RULES_SECURITY, MANAGE_MEMBERS, MANAGE_RESOURCES)
- `environments` (Set of String) A repository can be available in different environments. Members with roles defined in the set environment will have access to the repository. List of pre-defined environments (DEV, PROD)
- `name` (String)
- `project_key` (String) Project key for this environment. This field supports only 2 - 20 lowercase alphanumeric and hyphen characters. Must begin with a letter.
- `type` (String) Type of role. Only "CUSTOM" is supported

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import project_role.myrole project_key:role_name
```
