---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "project_user Resource - terraform-provider-project"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Add a user as project member. Element has one to one mapping with the JFrog Project Users API https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-rest-apis/add-or-update-user-in-project. Requires a user assigned with the 'Administer the Platform' role or Project Admin permissions if admin_privileges.manage_resoures is enabled.
---

# project_user (Resource)

Add a user as project member. Element has one to one mapping with the [JFrog Project Users API](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-rest-apis/add-or-update-user-in-project). Requires a user assigned with the 'Administer the Platform' role or Project Admin permissions if `admin_privileges.manage_resoures` is enabled.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "project_user" "myuser" {
  project_key = "myproj"
  name        = "myuser"
  roles       = ["Viewer"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of an Artifactory user. This field is **case-sensitive** and must match the exact case of the user's name as it appears in the Artifactory GUI. If the case does not match, Terraform will treat it as a different user and attempt to add the user to the project on every `terraform plan` or `terraform apply` operation. Additionally, when you remove the user from your Terraform configuration, Terraform will fail to remove the user from the Artifactory project and will incorrectly report that no infrastructure changes are required.
- `project_key` (String) The key of the project to which the user should be assigned to.
- `roles` (Set of String) List of pre-defined Project or custom roles. Must have at least 1 role, e.g. 'Viewer'

### Optional

- `ignore_missing_user` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the resource will not fail if the user does not exist. Default to `false`. This is useful when the user is externally managed and the local account wasn't created yet.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import project_user.myuser project_key:username
```
